feature/MTM-37550/MTM-42349-Update-documentation-related-to-Mass-Devi… (#423)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/device-management-bundle/connecting-devices.md

* **Waiting for connection** - The device has been registered but no device with the specified ID has tried to connect.
* **Pending acceptance** - There is communication from a device with the specified ID, but the user doing the registration must still explicitly accept it so that the credentials are sent to the device.
* **Accepted** - The user has allowed the credentials to be send to the device.
* **Blocked** - Device registration being blocked due to number of failed attempts

> > **Info:** In order to restart device registration process (for example due to the **Blocked** status) respective device registration item should be removed and process should be started from beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Info:** If a device registration is blocked, you will need to delete it first and then create it again.
```

After successful registration the device(s) will be listed in the [Device registration](#dev-registration) page with the status "Waiting for connection".

Turn on the device(s) and wait for the connection to be established.

Once a device is connected, its status will change to "Pending acceptance". 

> **Info:** "Pending acceptance" screen might differ depending on [security token policy](#security-token-policy).

Click **Accept** to confirm the connection. The status of the device will change to "Accepted".

> **Info:** In case of any issues, consult the documentation applicable for your device type in the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} {{< device-portal >}}]({{< link-device-portal >}}) or look up the manual of your device.

<a name="creds-upload"></a>

#### Security token policy for device registration

Security token policy should be configured to reduce the risk of taking over not yet registered devices by threat actors (for example, by guessing their serial numbers).

> > **Info** Feature requires user to have **READ** permission to **option management**. In case if permission is not granted, security token policy used by default is **OPTIONAL**.

Author: done

The details of the warning message provide the list of devices which could not be accepted automatically.

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-accept-all-warning.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all result">

Such devices should be accepted manually by providing correct **Security token** value and clicking **Accept** button.

##### Required security token policy

In this mode any device connected to the platform is required to use a security token on establishing the connection and a user is required to enter the same token when accepting the device.

The procedure of accepting devices is same as described by  [registration with optional security policy when using a security token](#optional-security-token-policy)

While in this mode, any devices connecting to the platform without a security token will be blocked and it won't be possible to complete their registration.

In the screenshot below the first device has been accepted by providing the correct security token, the two other ones have been blocked without ever reaching **Pending acceptance** state.

> <img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-required-security-blocked-unsecure-devices.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all result">

Reviewer: `alt` description is not updated

Author: updated all `alt` descriptions. Hope it is better now :)

After successful registration the device(s) will be listed in the [Device registration](#dev-registration) page with the status "Waiting for connection".

Turn on the device(s) and wait for the connection to be established.

Once a device is connected, its status will change to "Pending acceptance". 

> > **Info:** "Pending acceptance" screen might differ depending on [security policy setting](#security-token-policy).

Reviewer: I'd keep it in sync with the target title.
```suggestion
> **Info:** "Pending acceptance" screen might differ depending on [security token policy](#security-token-policy).
```

Click **Accept** to confirm the connection. The status of the device will change to "Accepted".

> **Info:** In case of any issues, consult the documentation applicable for your device type in the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} {{< device-portal >}}]({{< link-device-portal >}}) or look up the manual of your device.

<a name="creds-upload"></a>

#### Security token policy

> To mitigate possibility of random guess on not yet registered device serial number which might lead to situation when device is taken over by third tenant, security token policy should be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security token policy should be configured to reduce the risk of taking over not yet registered devices by threat actors (for example, by guessing their serial numbers).
```

> Platform supports following values for security token policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform supports the following values for security token policy:
```

> * **IGNORED** - Even if device requires secure registration, platform will ignore that requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **IGNORED** - Even if a device requires secure registration, the platform will ignore that requirement.
```

> * **OPTIONAL** - If device will require secure registration, platform will honor that by requesting additional security token from user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **OPTIONAL** - If a device requires secure registration, the platform will request an additional security token from user.
```

> * **REQUIRED** - All devices connected to platform must use security token during registration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **REQUIRED** - All devices connected to the platform must use security token during registration.
```

> Configuration can be performed by setting following tenant options with one of above values:

Reviewer 2: case sensitive or insensitive? It seems insensitive

Author: it seems to be insensitive based on tests I have performed. I checked with upper case values tho XD

Reviewer 3: com.cumulocity.model.device.DeviceSecurityTokenPolicy#fromString it should be insensitive

> Configuration can be performed by setting following tenant options with one of above values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy can be configured by setting the following tenant option with one of the values listed above, for example:
```

```json
{ 
  "category": "device-registration",
  "key": "security-token.policy", 

>   "value": "ignored"

Reviewer: I'd keep it upper case, for consistency with values listed above.
```suggestion
  "value": "IGNORED"
```

Author: ok, did it intentionally initially to show that value is case insensitive. But this trick is not necessary.

}
```

Depending on security token policy "Pending acceptance" screen will be different.

##### Ignored security token policy

> In this mode device connected to platform can be accepted without token validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode a device connected to the platform can be accepted without any token validation.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-ignored-security.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in ignored security token policy">

##### Optional security token policy

> List of device registration is presented on image below. As can be noticed, input to provide token is available for all devices in this mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of device registrations is presented in the image below. Note that the input for security token is displayed for all devices.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy">

###### Registration in optional security policy without using security token

> When device connected to platform doesn't use security token, device registration is proceeding without requirement to provide any value for security token input by user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a device connected to the platform doesn't use a security token, the registration can proceed without providing any value in the security token input.
```

> If token is being provided by user for device which connected unsecurely, it will be accepted and token will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a security token is provided for a device which is connected unsecurely, it will be accepted and the token will be ignored.
```

###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

When device connected to platform does use security token, in order to complete registration user must provide same security token as being used by device on establishing connection.

> In case of providing incorrect token error message will be displayed. After certain amount of attempts registration for device will reach blocked state and should be manually removed and started over.

Reviewer 2: `In case of providing incorrect token, the error message will be displayed`. @BeateRixen I mean "error message" is separate from "token".
I am not sure about `should be manually removed and started over`. Maybe platform operator should first check what is happening. If he is under attack, then he should not restart procedure to give attacker more chances

> Entering correct token for device which requires will lead to successful registration.

Reviewer 2: which requires **it**
(as below)

Entering incorrect token for device which requires it:

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-enter-token.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy entering token">

Will lead to error message informing about mismatch:

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-wrong-token.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy incorrect token error">

Continuous errors on entering incorrect token will lead to error informing about reaching blocked state:

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-reaching-blocked-state.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy reaching blocked state">

> Any following attemp will result in error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any following attempt will result in error:
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-blocked-error-message.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy blocked state">

###### Restriction on usage accept all feature with optional security policy

**Accept all** feature is supported for devices connected to platform without usage of security token.

> For any device which uses security token, **accept all** feature is not available and will display a warning message. 

Reviewer 2: `is not available`, which means this device will be skipped in process of accepting or something else will happen?

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-accept-all.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all">

Summary of warning message provides details on devices which could not be accepted automatically

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-accept-all-warning.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all result">

Such devices should be accepted manually by providing correct **security token** value and clicking **Accept** button.

##### Required security token policy

In this mode any device connected to platform are required to use security token on establishing connection and for each "general device registration" user should provide security token used by device.

The procedure of accepting devices is same as described by [registration in optional security policy using security token](#registration-in-optional-security-policy-using-security-token)

> Any device connected to platform which is not using security token will be blocked and there is no possibility in this mode to complete registration for such devices.

Reviewer 2: `Any device trying to register in platform...`. 

`Connected` may be understand inproperly, and clients may ask about general mqtt connections. As far as I understand, after device is registered everything works as previously, and devices registered in the past will work regardless of how they were registered.

Author: yes, this security improvement affects only new devices added after introduce of this feature.

* **REQUIRED** - All devices connected to the platform must use security token during registration. 

The policy can be configured by setting the following tenant option with one of the values listed above, for example:

```json
{ 
  "category": "device-registration",
  "key": "security-token.policy", 
  "value": "IGNORED"
}
```

Depending on security token policy "Pending acceptance" screen will be different.

##### Ignored security token policy

In this mode a device connected to the platform can be accepted without any token validation.

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-ignored-security.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in ignored security token policy">

##### Optional security token policy

The list of device registrations is presented in the image below. Note that the input for security token is displayed for all devices.
 

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy">

> ###### Registration in optional security policy without using security token

Reviewer: "optional security policy" could be skipped as we're in the section dedicated to it already.

When a device connected to the platform doesn't use a security token, the registration can proceed without providing any value in the security token input.

If a security token is provided for a device which is connected unsecurely, it will be accepted and the token will be ignored.

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Author: regarding header, we probably need to ask UIX team to take a look. Maybe they are familiar with styling for our docs.

FYI @carlosceia @catarino-sag

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Author: Regarding consolidating content maybe we can talk, because I don't really get the point from the image?

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Reviewer 4: > regarding header, we probably need to ask UIX team to take a look. Maybe they are familiar with styling for our docs.

@Airdroplet you're using ###### to format a subsection header, instead follow this:

### Section header

#### Subsection header

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Author: ##### Sub-subssction header

`##### Sub-subssction header`

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Reviewer 4: Just noticed that the markdown was rendered (as it should, actually) :)

So:

`### Section header` 

`#### Subsection header` 

and yes:

`##### Sub-subsection header`

> ###### Registration in optional security policy using security token

Author: I have chenaged the approach a little here by getting avay from usa of header tittles (Noticed that we use something like that on different pages). 
Additionally I have reordered content, it should be better now.

Continuous errors on entering incorrect token will lead to error informing about reaching blocked state:

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-reaching-blocked-state.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy reaching blocked state">

Any following attempt will result in error:

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-blocked-error-message.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy blocked state">

###### Restriction on usage accept all feature with optional security policy

**Accept all** feature is supported for devices connected to platform without usage of security token.

For any device which uses security token, **accept all** feature is not available and will display a warning message. 

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-accept-all.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all">

> Summary of warning message provides details on devices which could not be accepted automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details of the warning message provide the list of devices which could not be accepted automatically.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-accept-all-warning.png" alt="Pending acceptance devices in optional security token policy accept all result">

> Such devices should be accepted manually by providing correct **security token** value and clicking **Accept** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such devices should be accepted manually by providing correct **Security token** value and clicking **Accept** button.
```

##### Required security token policy

In this mode any device connected to platform are required to use security token on establishing connection and for each "general device registration" user should provide security token used by device.

> The procedure of accepting devices is same as described by [registration in optional security policy using security token](#registration-in-optional-security-policy-using-security-token)

Author: Note sure about that, will check if it actually can be joined. But currently would rather prefer to refer to behavior description if it is pretty much same.

> The procedure of accepting devices is same as described by [registration in optional security policy using security token](#registration-in-optional-security-policy-using-security-token)

Author: Didn't figure out how to join it and keep options described in understandable manner. Let's leave it like is.

Any device registering to platform without usage of security token will be blocked and there is no possibility in this mode to complete registration for such devices.

> On image below one device being registered by providing correct security token and two other devices were blocked without ever reaching **PENDING ACCEPTANCE** state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the screenshot below the first device has been accepted by providing the correct security token, the two other ones have been blocked without ever reaching **Pending acceptance** state.
```

Once a device is connected, its status will change to "Pending acceptance".

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The "Pending acceptance" screen might differ depending on the [security token policy](#security-token-policy-for-device-registration).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Click **Accept** to confirm the connection. The status of the device will change to "Accepted".

> **Info:** In case of any issues, consult the documentation applicable for your device type in the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} {{< device-portal >}}]({{< link-device-portal >}}) or look up the manual of your device.

<a name="creds-upload"></a>

#### Security token policy for device registration

Configure the security token policy to reduce the risk of devices which are not yet registered being taken over by threat actors, for example, by guessing their serial numbers.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The feature requires the user to have **READ** permission for **Option management**. In the case of missing permission, the security token policy defaults to **OPTIONAL**.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} supports the following values for the security token policy:

> * **IGNORED** - Even if a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will ignore that requirement.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* IGNORED - Even if a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will ignore that requirement.
```

* **OPTIONAL** - If a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will request an additional security token from user.

> * **REQUIRED** - All devices connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} must use a security token during registration.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* REQUIRED - All devices connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} must use a security token during registration.
```

The policy can be configured by setting the following tenant option with one of the values listed above, for example:

```json
{
  "category": "device-registration",
  "key": "security-token.policy",
  "value": "IGNORED"
}
```

> Depending on the security token policy, the "Pending acceptance" screen will be different.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The **Pending acceptance** screen might differ depending on the [security token policy](#security-token-policy-for-device-registration).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}
```

##### Ignored security token policy

> With a value of **IGNORED** for the security token policy, a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} can be accepted without any token validation:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
With a value of IGNORED for the security token policy, a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} can be accepted without any token validation:
```

![Accepting devices registrations under optional security token policy](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security.png)

**Registration without using a security token**

When a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} doesn't use a security token, the registration can proceed without providing any value in the security token input.

If a security token is provided for a device which is connected unsecurely, it will be accepted and the token will be ignored.

**Registration using a security token**

When a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} does use a security token, the registration can be completed only if the user provides a token matching the one sent by the device on establishing the connection.

![Providing a token for device registration request in optional security token policy](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-enter-token.png)

In the case of providing an incorrect token, an error message will be displayed.

> ![Error displayed on accepting device registration request by providing an incorrect token](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-wrong-token.png)

Reviewer 6: i think it might suffice to mention the error messages here. we try to avoid too many screenshots as they have to be maintained. what do you think @BeateRixen ?

Reviewer 5: Agreed. @Airdroplet Please remove all screenshots that are of no additional value for the user as he sees the screens/messages etc. in the product anyway.

Author: removed some of the screenshots.

After a certain amount of failed attempts, the registration will reach the blocked state.
The blocked registration must be removed before the next attempt to connect the device.

> ![Blocking device registration request as a result of continuous errors in providing a token](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-reaching-blocked-state.png)

Reviewer 6: the error message in this screenshot contains errors i think (missing closing parentheses). and as stated above, i think we might be able to avoid them alltogether.

Author: removed some of those screenshots

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The **Pending acceptance** screen might differ depending on the [security token policy](#security-token-policy-for-device-registration).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Click **Accept** to confirm the connection. The status of the device will change to "Accepted".

> **Info:** In case of any issues, consult the documentation applicable for your device type in the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} {{< device-portal >}}]({{< link-device-portal >}}) or look up the manual of your device.

<a name="creds-upload"></a>

#### Security token policy for device registration

Configure the security token policy to reduce the risk of devices which are not yet registered being taken over by threat actors, for example, by guessing their serial numbers.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The feature requires the user to have READ permission for "Option management". In the case of missing permission, the security token policy defaults to OPTIONAL.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} supports the following values for the security token policy:

* IGNORED - Even if a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will ignore that requirement.

> * **OPTIONAL** - If a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will request an additional security token from the user.

Reviewer: Is it left in bold intentionally?

Reviewer 5: No, fixed

> * **OPTIONAL** - If a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will request an additional security token from the user.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* OPTIONAL - If a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will request an additional security token from the user.
```

After successful registration the device(s) will be listed in the [Device registration](#dev-registration) page with the status "Waiting for connection".

Turn on the device(s) and wait for the connection to be established.

Once a device is connected, its status will change to "Pending acceptance".

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The **Pending acceptance** screen might differ depending on the [security token policy](#security-token-policy-for-device-registration).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Click **Accept** to confirm the connection. The status of the device will change to "Accepted".

> **Info:** In case of any issues, consult the documentation applicable for your device type in the [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} {{< device-portal >}}]({{< link-device-portal >}}) or look up the manual of your device.

<a name="creds-upload"></a>

#### Security token policy for device registration

Configure the security token policy to reduce the risk of devices which are not yet registered being taken over by threat actors, for example, by guessing their serial numbers.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> The feature requires the user to have READ permission for "Option management". In the case of missing permission, the security token policy defaults to OPTIONAL.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The feature requires you to have READ permission for "Option management". In the case of missing permission, the security token policy defaults to OPTIONAL.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} supports the following values for the security token policy:

* IGNORED - Even if a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will ignore that requirement.
* OPTIONAL - If a device requires secure registration, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} will request an additional security token from the user.
* REQUIRED - All devices connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} must use a security token during registration.

The policy can be configured by setting the following tenant option with one of the values listed above, for example:

> ```json

Reviewer: Not sure, for new tenants this policy can be set via tenant policies UI, but for existing ones there is no UI and it needs to be set via REST API - then a JSON body for the request might be useful.

##### Optional security token policy

The list of device registrations is presented in the image below. Note that the input for security token is displayed for all devices.

![Accepting devices registrations under optional security token policy](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security.png)

**Registration without using a security token**

When a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} doesn't use a security token, the registration can proceed without providing any value in the security token input.

If a security token is provided for a device which is connected unsecurely, it will be accepted and the token will be ignored.

**Registration using a security token**

When a device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} does use a security token, the registration can be completed only if the user provides a token matching the one sent by the device on establishing the connection.

![Providing a token for device registration request in optional security token policy](/images/users-guide/DeviceManagement/devmgmt-at-register-device-pending-acceptance-optional-security-enter-token.png)

> In the case of providing an incorrect token, an error message will be displayed informing about mismatch between value used by device and value provided via user interface.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
In the case of providing an incorrect token, an error message will be displayed informing about a mismatch between the value used by the device and the value provided via the user interface.
```

> After a certain amount of failed attempts, the registration will reach the blocked state. Reaching blocked is followed by an error message informing about it.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
After a certain amount of failed attempts, the registration will reach the blocked state, indicated by a corresponding error message.
```

The blocked registration must be removed before the next attempt to connect the device.

**Limited  usage of "Accept all" feature**

The **accept all** feature is supported for devices connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} without the usage of a security token.

For any device which uses a security token, the **accept all** feature is not available and will display a warning message. The details of the warning message provide the list of devices which could not be accepted automatically.

> Such devices must be accepted manually by providing the correct **Security token** value and clicking the **Accept** button.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Such devices must be accepted manually by providing the correct **Security token** value and clicking **Accept**.
```

##### Required security token policy

> In this mode any device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} is required to use a security token on establishing the connection and a user is required to enter the same token when accepting the device.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
In this mode any device connected to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} must use a security token on establishing the connection and the user must enter the same token when accepting the device.
```
